---
layout: post
title: "Learning Kanji"
quote: "Musings on the best way to learn Kanji"
image: false
video: false
---
##Learning Kanji
Learning Kanji can be difficult but it’s not impossible! Some people find it helpful to break into smaller chunks by learning new vocabulary. You’ll most likely find that this will help by showing you combinations that you already know and will expand your knowledge. 
<br />
If you want to learn to read kanji, and since you’ve made it to a blog about an app to learn to read Japanese I’m guessing you do, you have a leg up. Sometimes Kanji that are more complicated to write have easier meanings.
Lets take a look at some of the ways kanji are used, there are six ways that kanji could be classified. The first is pictographs, where a character represents an object. The second is an ideograph where the character represents a more abstract thing like a direction or number. The third is one where more than one character are brought together to represent both an object and the sound. The fourth is a compound of two kanji where electricity and car are combined to make “train”. The fifth is generally used with Kana characters to express words related to a core meaning. The final is used for phonetic purposes and these words are generally written in Kana instead.
The next important thing to know about is that one kanji can have several pronunciations. This generally comes from different historical pronunciation of Chinese characters and when these words/pronunciations were brought to japan.
<br />
Finally, think of Kanji as having three distinct groups. Radicals, words and compounds words. From the groups of kanji mentioned earlier, pictographs and ideographs are words while the core meaning, the object & sound and the phonetic kanji are radicals and of course compound words are their own group.
Interesting in learning more? Why not give Wordoko a try. Take some of the knowledge you have about Kana and use it to learn Kanji. It’s free in the [Apple App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/wordoko/id904631100?mt=8).

